bpo-45756: do not execute `@property` descrs while creating mock autospecs (#29901)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2021-12-03-11-19-44.bpo-45756.nSDJWj.rst

> We no longer execute ``@property`` descriptors while creating autospecs in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed :class:`property` decorators executing descriptors while creating autospecs in
```

> ``mock.py``. This was not safe and could affect user's code in unknown way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`unittest.mock`. This was not safe and could affect user's code in unknown ways.
```
